add date-box (#53)
matchai/awesome-pinned-gists: README.md

- [github-stats-box](https://github.com/bokub/github-stats-box) - Update a pinned gist to contain your GitHub statistics.
- [lang-box](https://github.com/inokawa/lang-box) - Update a pinned gist to contain languages of your recent commits in GitHub

> ## Custom
> 
> Displaying data from user-defined content in a pinned gist.

Reviewer: Hi @kf-liu - what do you think about renaming this section to be `User Defined` so it's a bit more clear?

```suggestion
## User Defined

Displaying data from user-defined (e.g. configured in the GitHub Action input parameters) content in a pinned gist.
```

Reviewer: It would also be good to add this section in the `Contents` section at the top, as well.

Author: Both are OK for me, thanks a lot!

Reviewer: cool! commit the suggestion, and I can merge in this PR for ya :)
